Document metrics observation (#236)
fauna/faunadb-python: README.rst

    stream = client.stream(doc["ref"], options, on_start, on_error, on_version)
    stream.start()

Observing Metrics
-----------------

> Its possible to observe the metrics your calls incur by plugging into the client's observer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its possible to observe each query's metrics by providing an "observer" callback.
```

> More information on metrics is available in the `FaunaDB Documentation <https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/understanding/billing#perquery>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information on query metrics is available in the `FaunaDB Documentation <https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/learn/understanding/billing#perquery>`_.
```

Here is a simple example:

.. code-block:: python

    from faunadb import query as q
    from faunadb.client import FaunaClient
    from faunadb.errors import FaunaError

>     def observe(response):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # The observer callback, which takes the HTTP response for a query
    def observe(response):
```

        h = response.response_headers
        print('bytesOut:', h["x-compute-ops"])
        print('queryTime:', h["x-query-time"])
        print('readOps:', h["x-byte-read-ops"])
        print('writeOps:', h["x-byte-write-ops"])
        print('retries:', h["x-txn-retries"])

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Connect to a local Fauna Dev instance
```

    client = FaunaClient(
        secret="secret",
        domain="localhost",
        scheme="http",
        port=8443,
        observer=observe
    )

    try:
        result = client.query(
            q.do(
                q.create_collection({ "name": "_" }),
                q.abort("Abort!")

>             )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            q.paginate(q.collections())
```

It's probably better to include a more innocuous query than the odd test case that I included in my comment on the issue.
